## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: First steps 
## slug: cloud-security-first-steps 
## seoTitle: First steps 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
In this article, you’ll find a guide for new users to get started with .

## Step 1: Register your user

1. Open your browser and visit the  website.
2. Look for the  option and click on it.
3. Enter your  and .
4. Provide your .
5. Define a .
6. Confirm your password by entering it again.
7. Check the  box
8. Click .

## Step 2: Set up the Mobile Authenticator
1. Install one of the following applications on your mobile:
* Microsoft Authenticator.
* Google Authenticator.
* FreeOTP.
2.  Open the authenticator app and scan the .
3.  Input the  generated by the app.
4.  Enter a  to help you manage your OTP devices.
5.  Click .

## Step 3: Accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

1. Click the  link to read  terms.
2. If you agree, click .

## Step 4: Verify your email

1. Open your email and locate the  confirmation email.
2. Click  to open a new page.
3. Click  and wait for the confirmation message.
4. Click .

## Step 5: Choose your onboarding path

Choose between the following options for getting started with :

### Option 1: Sandbox mode 

Choose Sandbox mode to explore features in a simulated and secure environment. If necessary, refer to .

### Option 2: Request access

Choose this option to email a request for a tenant admin to get access to the  environment.

### Option 3: Create an organization

Choose this option for a comprehensive admin experience and the ability to invite other people to your organization and tenants. To learn more about organizations, refer to .





