## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: System parameters - Remote Session 
## slug: pam-session-proxy-settings 
## seoTitle: System parameters - Remote Session 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
This document contains detailed information about the  page, where you can configure the features from your remote session (proxy).

:::(info) ()
Because it is a screen with several controls of various functionalities, we'll list here only the controls that reflect the proxy.
:::
:::(warning) ()
Some features in older versions of senhasegura are no longer present in this document. We suggest that you avoid changing parameters that are not in this document.
:::
***
## Path to access

1. On senhasegura, in the upper left corner, click , represented by the nine squares icon, and then select .
2. In the side menu, select  > .
***

:::(warning) ()
All fields are set with a default value, as recommended by senhasegura. However, you can customize your session according to your needs.
:::

## Remote session tab

### General section
:::(error) ()
The  parameter underwent a beta update and was divided into two parameters:  and . Currently, If you select  for either of these parameters, both download and upload functions will be . To completely  file transfer, select  for  parameters.
:::

|
|---|---|
*|Enables file transfers between the target device and source workstation. Default option: .
*| Enables file transfers between the source workstation and the target device. Default option: .
*|Allows the operator user to access the device's advanced controls in graphical RDP sessions by using the  key combination. Default option: .
*|Enables the permission to copy and paste from the clipboard to the target device and vice versa. Default option: .
*|Enables the user to start remote sessions using personal credentials. Default option: .
*|Enables the permission  to have an  evaluation by external plugins in file transfer. The demand for these plugins should be forwarded to our Commercial team. Default option: .
*|Determines whether the standard Microsoft®Windows end-of-line characters (\r\n) will be replaced for Unix format (\r) when copying and pasting text in senhasegura Web Proxy sessions with SSH protocol. Default option: .
*|Determines if the RDP file extension or the BAT file running PuTTY1 can be generated by senhasegura and downloaded by user operators facilitating access to a credential. Default option: .
*|The path where the  binary will be found in operators' workstations.
*|Allows user operators to change the binary location directory when  downloading. Users can choose a new location from the user preferences menu if enabled. Default option: .
*|senhasegura Server IPv6 network interface name. Default option: .
|Allows the user to choose a color depth between  and  bits range for VNC HTTP sessions, according to the desired performance. Default option: .
*|A letter that represents the created remote disk unit. Users can chose among the  and  letters range. Default option: .
*|Enables access permission with domain credentials for SSH connections. Default option: .
*|After the field above is enabled, the text box will be available to insert the string mask related to the connection. This field must be filled in with the values user, domain, and separator. Example: user@domain or domain\user.
|A message presented to the user when starting a proxy session.

#### At SSH Proxy section
|
|---|---|
*|Enables the use of the  command by the user to automate the process of privilege elevation. Default option: .
*|Indicates the terminal type that will be used in SSH and Telnet sessions. Default option: .

#### At RDP Proxy section
|
|---|---|
*|Indicates whether invalid certificates on RDP connections should be ignored. Default option: .
*|Enables the  Microsoft® technology. If enabled, the RemoteApp connection will improve the  usability. Default option: .
*|Determines whether the RDP session wallpaper will be presented during the session. Default option: .
*|The system includes the machine’s hostname to log in. Default option: .

#### At Record section
|
|---|---|
*|Indicates whether session texts should be indexed. This parameter should be used with the following two others. Default option: .
*|Determines if the operator user's input texts should be indexed. Therefore, it regulates whether any written material, including text placed into mask fields, is allowed. Default option: .
*|Determines whether output texts presented on screen to the user should be indexed. It’s worth remembering that the text typed by the user will also be recorded if it’s an output. Default option: .
*|This attribute, unlike the text indexing settings, indicates whether the entries will be recorded separately in the session and will not be visible in the report that aggregates all the texts from all the sessions. Default option: .
*|Determines whether the session video will be recorded. This video is an optimized binary copy of the protocol that has been carried over. Make sure to distinguish with the exported MP4 file. Default option: .
*|Enables recording sessions that use . Default option: .
*|Determines whether the platform should automatically discard videos of sessions that have reached a specific expiration date. Default option: .
*|Indicates how many days the video should be kept. Can be  until  days. Default option: .
*|Indicates how many simultaneous proxy sessions a user can execute. Can be  until . Default option: .
*|Indicates the quality level of the image for web sessions. Can be  until . Default option: .
*|Indicates the frame video amount and set the fps for video record in sessions.  Can be  to  fps. Default option: .
*|Indicates which keyboard layout will be used during the session. Choose among one of the  available options.
*|Indicates the image type in the web session. It’s possible to choose between  or . Default option: .
*|Allows the administrator to do livestream monitoring on the proxy session. Default option: .
*|Indicates which language will be used during the session. Choose among one of the  available options.
*|Indicates if it's necessary an approval process for session videos before access. Default option: .
*|Only users with the proper permissions can request the video session download if this parameter is enabled. Default option: .




### Security tab
|
|---|---|
*|Forces the multifactor authentication to view a password. Default option: .
|Defines the time interval in which tokens must be requested for password display. It can be 0 until 60 minutes. Default option: .
*|Indicates if the checkbox displayed when logging into the senhasegura environment should be disregarded for examining passwords. Default option: .
*|Forces the user to use the 2FA token to start proxy sessions. Default option: .
|Defines the time interval in which tokens must be requested to perform a session. Choose from 0 to 60 minutes. Default option: .
*|Indicates whether the checkbox displayed when logging into the senhasegura environment should be disregarded for examining passwords. Default option: .
*|Forces the use of a secure connection during the password change. Default option: .
*|Determines whether senhasegura will change the password right after the proxy session starts. Default option: .
*|Forces a session to be authenticated by a digital certificate when connecting through RDP Proxy. Default option: .
*|Forces a session to be authenticated by a digital certificate when connecting through SSH/Telnet Proxy. Default option: .
*|Indicates the security level of target RDP connections. Can be *Automatic*, *RDP*, *NLA*, or *TLS*. By default,  is set. With this setting, the client and server will determine the level of security. Since it functions as a bridge, the client in this scenario is the senhasegura platform. To adjust the security level of incoming connections to senhasegura, refer to the RDP Proxy documents.
*|Defines the idle session duration that will trigger an automatic disconnection. You can select a duration between Minutes, Hours, and Days. The number can be 0 to 60. Default option: .
|Enables a filter based on the IP address that controls the IP address that has permission to start proxy sessions. Default option: .
|If  is active, you can determine a list of IPs, individual or at intervals, that will be allowed to start a proxy session. Default option: .


### At Encryption section
:::(info) ()
Note that you must select an HSM device, only if you set the * to .
:::
|
|---|---|
*|Indicates if the encryption mode will be Default or HSM. Default option: .
|Selects the hardware device used to manage the encryption keys.

