## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: DEL | Terminate a remote session 
## slug: api-del-terminate-remote-session 
## seoTitle: DEL | Terminate a remote session 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
Terminate a proxy session registered in .

## Requirements
*  Authorization with  and  permission to  granted by the administrator in .
Access the document on  for more information.
* Remote session registered in . 
Access the document on  for more information.



## Request

 DEL 

## Request parameters

Send the parameter below in the path of the URL.

session_id - string - required - Unique hash generated by senhasegura to exclusively identify a specific session.
Note: this value is automatically assigned by senhasegura when the session is created and is obtained in the response to the request GET | List all remote sessions.



  ### Example request

DEL 
  
  
  
  ## ## Response 
 `json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
`
`json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    }
}
`



## Errors



404 - Not Found.

***

Mensagem: "Resource sub not found"
Possível causa: a URL ou o recurso solicitado não está correto.
        
Solução: verifique a URL e envie a requisição novamente.
***



 
500 - Internal Server Error

***
    
Message: "Unexpected error."
 
Possible cause: the error is in the senhasegura server.
        
Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possible cause: you don’t have the authorization to access this resource.
        
Solution: ask the administrator to check your permission to access the Web Proxy Session resources in A2A.

* * *
Message: "An error occurred while droping session."

Possible cause: there was an error while terminating the session.
        
Solution: check the session_id and resend the request.
    
* * *    
    

  


Client authentication failed

*** 
   
Message: "Client authentication failed."
Possible cause: failure in your application authentication with the senhasegura server. 
        
Solution: check the authentication parameters such as Access Token URL, Client ID e Client secret and request a new access token.
 
* * *   

     
  


Invalid signature

*** 
    
Message: "Invalid signature"
    
Possible cause: failure in recognizing the URL of the client application.
        
Solution: check the URL of the client application and resent the request.

* * * 

     


No route matched with those values
    
***   
    
Message: "No route matched with those values."
Possible cause: the authorization header is missing in the API request.
        
Solution: request a new access token.
   
 * * *

 


 Request timed out
    
***
    
Message: "Request timed out."
Possible cause: the request time has expired.
        
Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the senhasegura server.





