## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: First steps 
## slug: api-a2a-first-steps 
## seoTitle: First steps 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
This document provides a step-by-step guide on how to start using  APIs  quickly and efficiently.
Follow the steps below to integrate your application with  and begin leveraging the offered features.

## Requirements

*  administrator permission.
* Application created in . Access the document on  for more information.
* Authorization for the application created in . Access the document on  for more information.

## Authenticate the application

To access  APIs, it's essential to follow the  authentication method recommended by senhasegura.
Use the  and  generated by  to obtain an  used to validate and authorize all subsequent API calls.



1. In the HTTP or REST client of your choice, such as , create a collection.
2. In the  tab, select .
3. In , select .
4. In , make a request to the authorization server endpoint. For example, GET 
5. In , enter the value generated when creating the application authorization in .
6. In , enter the value generated when creating the application authorization in .
    1. If you are using a tenant and making the request via an IP address, you'll need to pass the  parameter along with the request. In the  parameter, enter the string containing the tenant's name that will be used for authentication.
7. Click  at the bottom of the page.
8. Click  to open the  page and view the generated .
9. Use this  to make requests to the  APIs.

Access the document on  for more information.

### In multi-tenant scenarios

* In multi-tenant environments, use the  parameter to specify the desired tenant during authentication. 
* The value of this parameter must be a string identical to the tenant's subdomain in the URL of the senhasegura instance. For example, for the tenant  accessed via , the value of the tenant parameter would be .
* : authentication is always restricted to the tenant of the current request. It isn’t possible to generate authorizations for different tenants.
* It’s mandatory to use the tenant parameter when making calls via senhasegura's IP address. In this scenario, automatic tenant identification is unfeasible, making the parameter essential for successful authentication. 

Example:
`json
{
  "grant_type":  "client_credentials",
  "client_secret": "your_client_secret",
  "client_id": "your_client_id",
  "tenant": "test"
}
`

## Requests and responses

Requests are made using HTTP methods such as  GET,  POST,  PUT and  DEL.

Parameters include , , , , among others, and depending on the API call, can be sent in the  of the URL or  in the request .

Responses are returned in JSON format, making it easy to analyze and manage data provided by the API.

: 
When making a request to the endpoint GET , the API returns the data of the device whose  is .

`json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Device 14",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "Device 14",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "tenant": "test",
    "device": {
        "id": "14",
        "hostname": "API device",
        "ip": "10.66.33.17",
        "model": "Gmail",
        "type": "Desktop",
        "vendor": "Linux",
        "site": "AWS",
        "device_domain": "my_device_domain",
        "connectivities": "HTTP:80,SSH:22,MySQL:65535",
        "session_remote_config": "HTTP::",
        "device_tags": "test"
    }
}
`
Each document contains the description of the response body fields. 
Access the document  to see the description of the fields listed in the response above.

## Errors

The API returns standard HTTP status codes and includes error messages in the response body to facilitate understanding and troubleshooting.

| Code | Response |
| --- | --- |
|  | Successful responses that do not require any action from the user. |
|  | Error responses caused by the absence of a required parameter, for example, and that require corrective action from the user. |
|  | Errors from the senhasegura server that suggest corrective action from the server. |

:
The following message returns an error for the case of a device not found.

`json
{
    "code": 400,
    "response": {
        "status": 400,
        "message": "1011: Device not found",
        "error": true,
        "error_code": 1,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "1011: Device not found",
        "erro": true,
        "cod_erro": 1
    },
    "exception": {
        "code": 1011,
        "message": "1011: Device not found",
        "detail": null
    }
}
`
Refer to the documentation for each method for detailed error descriptions, their possible causes and solutions. 



## Links to A2A API documentation

Access the following documents for more detailed information and examples:

* .
* .
* .
* .
* .